Why we use LINUX? 


Explain Linux Boot Sequence.


How to lock a user account in Linux?


Describe how a parent and child process communicates with each other?


What is Zombie Process?


How to Check Linux System Information?


Explain Process Management System Calls in Linux


Which character should be appended to a command to run the process in the background?


What is the advantage of executing the running processes in the background? How can you do that?


How can multiple machines share a single internet connection in Linux?


If a volume group already exists and we need to extend the volume group to some extent. How will you achieve this?


Mention some of the networking commands in Linux.


Explain how you would troubleshoot a network issue in Linux.


What is the significance of different runlevels in Linux? 


What steps would you take to optimize the performance of a Linux server? 


Enlist some Linux distributors (Distros) along with its usage?


What is the maximum length for any file name under LINUX?


How permissions are granted under LINUX?


What is the role of case sensitivity in affecting the way commands are used?


Explain Linux Shell?


What is a Shell script?


Explain command grouping in Linux?


Enlist some Linux networking and troubleshooting commands?


Where is the target path of a symlink stored? How are permission settings for symlinks handled?


What is the configuration file for SSH server?


How do you change the port number of SSH?


How to enable key based authentication?


What is the difference between SSH and Telnet?


How to restart SSH daemon?


How to check the SSH daemon’s status?


How to create a banner to display texts when logging into the server via SSH?


As a security implementation, you need to disable root Login on SSH Server, in Linux. What would you suggest?


Is it possible to login to SSH server without password? How


How many protocols does SSH have? if more than one, which one do we use and why?


Where can we access failed login attempts?


Is it possible to pass input to SSH from a local file? If Yes! How?


Describe a service that you might disable on a LINUX server.


Where are SAR logs stored?


How is the umask command used in a LINUX system?




