Why is Linux regarded as a more secure operating system than other operating systems?


Explain the features of the Linux system?


What is GUI?


Write a command that will display all .txt files, including its individual permission.


How can you append one file to another in Linux?


There are 3 kinds of permission in Linux:Explain what they do.


The sudo configuration file?


What are the process states in Linux?


Which is the first process started byt he Kernel and what is its process ID?


What is a Zombie Process?


What does the Grep command stand for?


Explain the redirection operator.


Why is the tar command used?


What is the name and path of the main system log?


What is load average in Linux?


Where are the sar log stored?


What information does the 'resolv.conf' file contain?


Name default ports used for DNS, SSH, DHCP, and HTTP.


What is SSH?


How can you login to another system in your network from your system?


Name three standard streams in Linux?


How to copy a file in Linux?


Explain what an inode means?


What command(s) can be used to rename a file in Linux?


How to see the mounted and unmounted partitions?


How to view only the mounted partitions?


When using the “df” command, what does the output mean?


Which commands/options would you use to find out which directories are taking up the most disk space in human readable format?


What is the significance of the -w option with the mount command?


Which command lets you view your IP address?


What command is the best way to test connectivity between two nodes


What command can be used to change the system hostaname?


How to find where a file is stored in Linux?


How do you look at the contents of a file named sample.z?


How do you sort the entries in a text file in ascending order?


How do you check if a particular service in running?


How do you start and stop a service?


What is YUM?


What command allows you to add a new user?


What command is used to show who is logged on in the system and what process they are currently running??


This command  allows you to create or change the password for a particular user.


How many run levels does thee standard LINUX kernel support and what are they?s 


Compare Linux with Windows?
